
Slide   Text                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
-----   ----                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
slide1  AMY  TECH  DMCC PARTNER S  FOR  DIGITAL  TRANSFORMATION “ Leading  Microsoft  Partner”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
slide10 Our Digital Transformation Process Discover & Define To understand the project scope and market context. Design & Prototype To establish the visual and interactive aspects of the project. Develop & Deploy To build and launch a functional, seamless product. Launch & Evolve To ensure the product's ongoing success and relevance.                                                                 
slide11 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
slide12  Microsoft Cloud Unified Approach  with Central Intelligence Single Platform (No Siloed Approach)  Local Presence DC (*DESC Approved) Mobility   Intelligence Insights *Dubai Electronic Security Center                                                                                                                                                                                                
slide13 A  single,  comprehensive solution  for  small  and  mid  size  businesses Microsoft  Dynamics 365 –  Business  Central                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
slide14 Dynamics 365 Business Central Why is it different? 14 Easy and faster deployment than other  ERP Systems Powered by the Microsoft Cloud End-to-End Solution for Small and Midsize Businesses Integrating with other Apps in Eco-system Business insights through analytics Great  user experience  and deep integration  with Office 365 Consistent and secure experience across Windows, iOS and And...
slide15 Microsoft  Dynamics  365  Business  Central Financial  management Account  receivables/   payables Bank   r e c on c ili a tion Fixed  asset   m a n ag em e n t Mont h /Ye ar   end  closing Sales  & service  management Quote   g e n eration Contact   m a n a g e m e n t Sales   invoici n g Payment   p ro c essing Project  management Capacity   p la n n ing Budgets  and   estimates Job  ...
slide16 Dynamics 365 Business Central Capabilities Sales and marketing Contact management Campaign management Interaction and email logging  Opportunity management Dynamics 365 Sales integration Sales and delivery Sales invoicing Sales order management Sales line pricing and discounting Campaign pricing Sales invoice discounts Purchasing and payables Purchase invoicing Purchase order managemen...
slide17 Dynamics 365 Business  Central outcompetes with  the only  fully integrated stack ,  on the world’s  most trusted and comprehensive cloud Identity, security, management, and compliance Power Platform Developer Tools  Microsoft Azure Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central Microsoft 365 Works seamlessly with the Microsoft applications you already use and know – Outlook, Teams, Excel ...
slide18 Flexible,  scalable,  and  extensible  modern  ERP  solution Unified  and  intelligent  data  and  processes Rapid  deployment,  onboarding,  and  quicker  time  to  value   Run  end-to-end  business  processes  all  from  within  Outlook Trusted  Microsoft  cloud  and  security   Complete  cloud  vision Only  vendor  to  offer  hybrid  deployment  options Trust  –  99.9%  service  SL...
slide19 Offerings AMY Value Added Solutions on BC Bill of Entry Advanced Shipping Notification                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
slide2  Founded  in  201 9 in Dubai ,  with the goal of providing world  class implementation, consulting and advisory services on  Microsoft Products  and  Digital Transformation. Microsoft Azure  :  M365  :  D365 CRM  :   D365  ERP  :   Power Platform   :   Generative AI.  UI/UX  :  Design :   Digital Solutions  :  Mobile Apps  :   Research Staff Augmentation Our Story Digital Transformation    
slide20 AMY HR & Payroll capabilities HR & Payroll AMY HR & Payroll is a purpose-built solution addon for HR & Payroll needs of an organization. The same has been built as an add-on module within Business Central for UAE requirements. With it being as a module in Business Central it works as a fully integrated module along with finance and eliminates the need of reconciliation across 2 differen...
slide21 AMY Self Service The AMY Self Service is a Power APPs based solution that the employees can access over any browser. The Self-Service portal is connected to the Payroll solution enabling and empowering for self-service to view their respective data and submit employee related requests.  1. Employee Expense claims                                                                           ...
slide22 How can my people adopt  and consume the services?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
slide23 Work where your business takes you Desktop, laptop, tablet, or phone you get the same powerful capabilities and rich functionality Get one experience that’s  consistent and secure across Windows,  iOS , and Android. AMY                                                                                                                                                                           
slide24 Interact with customers and vendors directly from Outlook to accelerate transactions and business decisions Promptly manage inquiries, service requests, or process payments to accelerate the sales cycle Get insights into customer history, previous discounts, and more without leaving Outlook Go from quote to cash within the flow of work Dynamics 365 Business Central with Outlook            
slide25 Get up-to-date  operational insights as Excel reports, and adapt quickly by customizing report layouts as Excel worksheets Export data from Business Central to Excel for efficient data entry, then publish back to Business Central with business rule  validation Easily analyze transactions using familiar Excel functionality, then share with the team for review and co-authoring Simplify da...
slide26 Make faster decisions by sharing Business Central data within Microsoft Teams conversations and tabs Look up business contacts from Teams, along with insights, a history of interactions, and related records Easily edit data and take action without switching apps Quickly share details so you can act faster Dynamics 365 Business Central with Teams                                             
slide27 How are my people supported in their decision making?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
slide28 Item Forecast – PO Recommendation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
slide29 Embedded Power BI                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
slide3  Our  Team AMY’s  consultants  come  with  an  average  of  10+  years  of  experience  having  implemented  multiple   projects  in  their  professional  career  and  experience  and  AMY  has  successfully  serviced  50+  customers. AMY  has  well  equipped  development  and delivery center 	in India  and  has  its  HQ  in  Dubai  to  address  the GCC markets Vinay  Punjabi (Head) Sa...
slide30 Embedded Power BI                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
slide31                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
slide32 Dynamics 365 Business Central Make your vision a reality with a connected business management solution that enables you to  adapt faster, work smarter, and perform better Adapt faster Be prepared for disruption with the insights needed to pivot quickly ,  shift business  models, and cultivate strategic plans . Work smarter Empower your people to confidently take action and get more done...
slide33 more personalized, proactive, and meaningful  Automate Streamline and automate tedious tasks Build Describe it to create it Create Unlock the full creativity of the workforce A new way to experience work Copilot in  Dynamics 365 Business Central                                                                                                                                                  
slide34 Improving the way business is done with AI in Business Central Actionable insights  that deliver business results Anticipate business challenges Late payment predictions Enhance decision-making Cash flow analysis Improve customer service Sales and inventory forecast extension                                                                                                                    
slide35 Save time and drive sales with engaging marketing text tailored to your product and brand Challenges Producing and publishing product descriptions is resource- and time-intensive Description copy is prone to erroneous product details Creating unique, original text for similar products can be challenging With Copilot in Dynamics 365 Business Central Bring products to market faster with A...
slide36 Save time and drive sales with sales and inventory forecasting Challenges highly competitive business landscape, effective inventory management can be the key differentiator between a successful business and one that struggles to retain customers and remain profitable While low inventory requires less working capital, inventory shortages can lead to missed sales.  With AI in Dynamics 3...
slide37 Challenges Effectively managing receivables is critical to the overall financial health of a business.  With AI in Dynamics 365 Business Central The  Late Payment Prediction extension  can help you reduce outstanding receivables and fine-tune your collections strategy by predicting whether sales invoices will be paid on time.   By anticipating late payments and making adjustments, y...
slide38 Challenges A company’s cash flow indicates its financial solvency and reveals whether the company can meet its financial obligations in a timely manner. With AI in Dynamics 365 Business Central Azure AI in Business Central helps you create a comprehensive cash flow forecast with  Cash Flow Analysis , enhancing decision-making so you can stay in control of your cash flow. AI can help ...
slide39                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
slide4  New   Implementations   of MS  Dynamics   365 ERP & CRM,   Power Platform Upgradation of  MS Dynamics AX ,  NAV ERP & CRM  Project  Management Staff Augmentation M S  Dynamics Training Project  Recovery   &   Reimplementation  S o l u t i on S upp o r t (AMC) Digital Transformation (UI/UX Services ) Our Company’s Featured Services Business Process Consulting Application Integration Se...
slide40 AMY Customer  Specific  Engagement  Models Full  time resourcing Offshore Dual  Shore Onsite Fixed  Price Recommended when  business   requirements  are   fluid. Reporting  is  done through   approved   t i mes he e t c li e n t   w e e k l y and p r ojec t	ma n a g ed   by  customer. Works  best  when   requirements  are   clearly  defined  &   changes  are Less  than  5%. r e q u e s ...
slide41 Financial  Services Manufacturing AMY Customers-Industry Wise Trade & Distribution Transportation & Logistics Energy Media & Entertainment Non- Profit Organisations Agriculture Business Consulting Construction Security Service Industry                                                                                                                                                             
slide42 Thank You REACH US Address AMY TECH DMCC, 1410, One Lake Plaza, Cluster T, Jumeirah Lakes Towers P O Box 338121 Dubai (UAE) Contact  Vinay:  +971 50 9918548  ( vinay@amytechdmcc.com ) Hitesh: +971 55 8593973 ( hitesh@amytechdmcc.com ) Website:  https://www.amytechdmcc.com Follow us:  AMY TECH on LinkedIn                                                                                       
slide5  Our D365 Business Central Services Connects sales, service, finance, and operations teams in a single solution to help them adapt faster, work smarter, and deliver results. Financial Management Sales Management Service Management Reporting & business insights Project Management Operations Management Supply chain Management Named  “the Best ERP System”  in 2023 by Forbes Advisor       
slide6  Our D365 CRM/ERP Coverage OPERATIONS Fraud Protection Project Operations Finance Connected Store Human Resources Guides Supply Chain Management Commerce CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT Field Service Customer Service Customer Voice Sales Marketing Customer Insights Remote Assist Power Platform: PowerApps, Power BI, Power Automate, Co  Pilot Studio, Power Pages                                           
slide7  Our Power Platform Services Power BI Power Apps Power Automate Power Virtual Agents Power Pages Data connectors AI Builder Microsoft  Dataverse Power  Fx Managed Environments for  data exploration,  analytics and reporting for  building secure,  data-centric business websites for  chatbots and  conversational agents for  process or workflow automation for  web and mobile  application d...
slide8  AI Copilot Productivity & Collaboration PowerPoint Teams Outlook Excel Word Microsoft Graph 3 rd -party applications 3 rd -party Data Unified CRM & ERP Dynamics 365 Customer Insights Dynamics 365 Sales Dynamics 365 Customer Service Dynamics 365 Finance Dynamics 365 Supply Chain Management Dynamics 365  Field Service Dynamics 365 Low Code Power Platform Power  BI Power  Apps Power  Autom...
slide9  Our UI/UX Services  01  User Experience Design 02  User Interface Design 03  User Experience Audits 04  Front End Development 05  Back End Development 06  Generative AI Solutions                                                                                                                                                                                                                      



